Update OAuth docs (#99)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/oauthTechnical.mdx

Example Authorization URL:
```plaintext
https://dev-api.va.gov/oauth2/authorization?client_id=0oa1c01m77heEXUZt2p7&redirect_uri=<yourRedirectURL>/implicit/callback&response_type=id_token token&response_mode=fragment&state=1AOQK33KIfH2g0ADHvU1oWAb7xQY7p6qWnUFiG1ffcUdrbCY1DBAZ3NffrjaoBGQ&nonce=o5jYpLSe29RBHBsn5iAnMKYpYw2Iw9XRBweacc001hRo5xxJEbHuniEbhuxHfVZy&scope=openid profile email veteran_status.read
```

> (⚠️Be sure to use the redirect URL that you registered with)

Reviewer: I didn't realize you could use that warning symbol in markdown. Nice.
```suggestion
(⚠️Be sure to replace `<yourRedirectURL>` with the redirect URL that you registered with)
```
A minor quibble, but I prefer "Be sure to replace `<yourRedirectURL>` with the redirect URL that you registered with". I think it just makes it a little easier to find what needs to be replaced in more verbose situations like this one.

Author: Went with "Be sure to replace <yourRedirectURL> with the redirect URL that you provided during registration" to avoid the double "with".
